Clime of the age of the Hollywood sign?
In these stolen moments the world is mine?
There's nobody here just us together
keeping it hot, let you lie forever cause
we're the masters of our own fashion?
We're the captains of there's
no way for us to come back cause,
boy, we're cold? Boy, we're cold? And I was like take
off, take off, take off all your clothes
take off, take off,
take off all your clothes take off,
take off, take off all of your
clothes? They say only
the good I that
just ain't right cause
we're having too much fun too
much fun tonight,
yeah keeps
us alive keeps us alive keeps us alive?
We dance on the age of the Hollywood
line? Till we run out of breath gotta
dance till we die my boyfriend's back and
he's cooler than ever there's no more
night blue skies forever cause
we're the masters of our own fate we're
the captains of our soul so
there's no need for us to hesitate we're
all alone let's take control and I was love take
off, take off, take off all your
clothes? Take off, take off take
off all your clothes take off, take off take
off all of your clothes?
They say only the good guy
that just ain't right cause
we're having too much fun too
much fun tonight,
yeah keeps
us alive keeps
us alive keeps us alive
my boyfriend's back and he's cooler than
ever there's no more night blue
skies forever I told you twice
in our life letter there's no stopping
now green lights forever and
I was like take off, take off, take off take
off all your clothes take off, take off
take off all your clothes take off,
take off take off all of
your clothes keep
us alive.